The governing body does a tremendous amount of work in preparing instruction based on
the powerful word of God.
But how does spiritual food and the form of audio and video programs reach all those
wanting to enjoy it?
In 2014, the Teaching Committee of the governing body approved the formation of the World
Headquarters Broadcasting Department.
This was to help transmit spiritual programs to people all around the world.
First Corinthians chapter 14 verse 9 says in part,
Unless you with the tongue you speech that is easily understood, how will anyone know
what is being said?
At our Theocratic events, the audience needs to see the videos clearly and to hear the
talks and music easily.
How does the broadcasting department make this possible?
Our work in broadcasting is really too full.
We focus on program transmission and the equipment needed to make that happen.
For convention program to really reach people's hearts, they have to be able to see it and
they have to be able to hear it.
So World Headquarters Broadcasting Department works with broadcasting departments at branches
around the world to try to make that happen.
The audio video equipment that we use is very expensive, so we're constantly looking
for ways that we can save dedicated funds.
When the organization began to show video content at conventions, we responded to help
branches in developing lands obtain the equipment they needed.
These countries had very limited resources.
It wasn't just that the equipment was expensive.
How do you get a video wall to a rural convention site in Africa?
Once it's there, how do you power it?
Who's going to operate it?
In some venues where we hold regional conventions, they don't have electricity.
Additionally, getting the necessary equipment to all of the events can be challenging.
For example, the lack of roads and highways, transporting the equipment by sea on a small
boat, as well as having to use the same video equipment in several conventions and delivering
it on time.
It's the size of Western Europe, but only a handful of cities are connected by paved roads.
Many areas are accessible only during the dry season, using either land cruises, motorbikes,
dugout canoes, bicycles, or simply on foot.
So transporting materials to certain areas can easily take several months.
To meet the need for the Engavere Regional Convention, the Broadcasting Department at World
Headquarters recommended that we purchase a portable LED display that could be transported
easily.
This meant manufacturing cases that were lighter, transporting the equipment by sea on a small
boat and using wheel barrels.
Also, the brothers had to carry the equipment, which included portable power generators and
gasoline for three hours on narrow, steep, slippery, and rocky paths.
In 2015, things started to change rapidly with the support of the World Headquarters
Broadcasting Department and the Regional Purchasing Office in Asia.
For the 2019 Regional Convention Series, 95% of the nearly 850,000 attendees had clear
audio and video transmission for the entire programme.
I thank Jehovah so much that we can enjoy watching the videos, reports, experiences, and
music videos so clearly.
Now, we have a better experience when we get to know our instructor more in ways that
touch our heart.
J.W. Stream is an online tool that was primarily designed as a way for us to broadcast everything
from large events that might go to millions of people, down to small events that would
be seen by just a few.
Really, it's our primary method of broadcast.
It can also be used to make online content available on demand as needed.
An example of this on-demand content are recorded curingation meetings.
These recordings are made for the benefit of the multi-language field.
Globally, groups as well as curingations that might be small or isolated are able to
benefit from these meetings.
When I can hear meetings from Thailand, where the brothers use words and expressions that
touch my heart, it helps my faith get stronger.
It's like a tree that gets good fertilizer, which makes deep roots and results in the tree
progressing better.
Thanks to the hard work of the World Headquarters Broadcasting Department, Bible instruction
is being transmitted at our theocratic events like never before.
These spiritual programmes not only touch our hearts, but also draws closer to our grand
instructor, Jehovah God.